RustyJam 2 (#1064)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/blog/rustyjam-02/index.md

+++

> title = "RustyJam 2"

Reviewer: ❓ The Discord server and the itch.io page have the name as Rusty Jam, rather than RustyJam - should we be consistent here (and below)?

date = 2022-06-11
transparent = true
+++

![Aaron: a drawing of a humanoid fox](aaron.png)

Hey everyone, we're finally announcing the [RustyJam #2][itch]!
It's a great chance to try out some new Rusty tech,
form a team of like-minded rustaceans, and feel what
a full cycle of making a game in Rust feels like in miniature!

Submissions will be open from June 18th to June 26th.
Voting on submissions will begin as soon as the jam ends and will run for a week.

This jam focuses more on using Rust than anything else.
That means you aren't restricted on your design, music, or graphics,
as long as you use Rust to make it!

The optional-to-use theme for the jam is going to be announced

> [in our Discord][discord] and pinned in the community section.

Reviewer: Very pedantic point - 'our' Discord implies that this is a space that the WG manages/moderates, which I don't think is true (though there is overlap).

```suggestion
[in the Rusty Jam Discord][discord] and pinned in the community section.
```

While you're waiting for the theme, you can start looking for a team
in the #looking-for-team Discord channel.

> If you want solo though, that's fine too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to solo jam though, that's fine too.
```
